Add basic ref docs for run types (#3792)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/run-data-format.mdx

| **`id`**                        | UUID             | Unique identifier for the span.                                                                                               |
| **`name`**                      | string           | The name associated with the run.                                                                                             |
| **`inputs`**                    | object           | A map of inputs provided to the run. For runs with `run_type='llm'`, this typically contains a `messages` array of message objects sent to the model.                                                                                   |

> | **`run_type`**                 | string           | [Type of run](#run-types), e.g., `'llm'`, `'chain'`, `'tool'`.                                                            |

Reviewer: To avoid Latin abbreviations `e.g.`:
```suggestion
| **`run_type`**                 | string           | [Type of run](#run-types), for example, `'llm'`, `'chain'`, `'tool'`.                                                            |
```

The `run_type` field identifies the kind of operation a span represents. LangSmith uses it to apply appropriate rendering in the trace UI and to enable type-specific features.

| Run type | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `chain` | A sequence or composition of steps. |
| `llm` | A call to a language model. |
| `prompt` | A [prompt template](/langsmith/prompt-template-format) that formats inputs before passing them to a model. |
| `tool` | A function or external action invoked by the model. |
| `retriever` | A lookup that fetches relevant documents or context. |
| `parser` | An output parser that transforms raw model output into a structured format. |

Set @[`run_type`][run_type] when instrumenting with [`@traceable`](/langsmith/annotate-code#use-%40traceable-%2F-traceable) or [`RunTree`](/langsmith/annotate-code#use-the-runtree-api):

<CodeGroup>
```python Python
from langsmith import traceable

@traceable(run_type="tool")
def my_tool(query: str) -> str:
    ...
```
```typescript TypeScript
import { traceable } from "langsmith/traceable";

const myTool = traceable(
  async (query: string): Promise<string> => {
    // ...
  },
  { run_type: "tool" }
);
```
</CodeGroup>

> For run types with dedicated UI rendering, see:

Reviewer: a more user-friendly wording:
```suggestion
Some run types have specialized trace views in the LangSmith UI:
```
